modules/dicom_archive/test/TestPlan.md, before:

# DICOM Archive - Test Plan

1.  Access the 'DICOM Archive' under 'Imaging' Tab and check to see if the user has permission
    [Automation Testing]
2.  Click on 'Selection Filter' to show and hide the Filter options
    [Manual Testing]
3.  Choose a parameter from the 'Selection Filter' that applies: [Automation Testing]
     - Select the right 'Site'
     - Input the right 'Patient ID'
     - Input the right 'Patient Name'
     - Input the right 'Date of Birth'
     - Input the right 'Archive Location'
     - Input the right 'Gender'
     - Input the right 'Acquisition Date'
     - Input the right 'Series UID'
     - Check the results in the table
4.  Click on 'Clear Filters' to make sure the previously entered data can be erased
    [Automation Testing]
5.  Click on 'View Details' under Metadata to view the Details of MRI Scan
    [Manual Testing]
6.  Under 'View Details' Check to make sure all the specific parameters are Populated
    [Manual Testing]
7.  Under 'View Details' Click on 'Acquisition ID' to view the violated scans (if there are any) if permission 
    'Violated Scans: View all-sites Violated Scans' is granted
    [Manual Testing]
8.  Under 'View Details' Click on 'Show/Hide Series' and 'Show/Hide Files' to view a list of all DICOM Series/Files,
    respectively, for the given DICOM study
    [Manual Testing]
9.  Make sure that the value of 'Patient ID' column is 'INVALID-HIDDEN' if the PatientID does not match the
    regex set in the Configuration module under the 'Imaging Modules' submenu. Repeat the same operation for
    'Patient Name' [Manual Testing]
10. Click on 'View Images' to acess the Imaging-Browser for the given subject if 'View all-sites Imaging Browser 
    pages' or 'View own-site Imaging Browser pages' permission is set
    [Manual Testing]
11. Ensure that clicking on any row in the 'Archive Location' column triggers a download of the corresponding 
    archived DICOM study
    [Manual Testing]

Commit message:

[Documentation] Document recent changes to Imaging Browser/DICOM Archive (#4189)
Document in the README for the imaging browser and dicom archive that PatientName is prepended to the Dicom tarball that is downloaded from the Dicom Archive and Imaging Browser modules, however the data is not stored this way on the Loris server.

modules/dicom_archive/test/TestPlan.md, after:

# DICOM Archive - Test Plan

1.  Access the 'DICOM Archive' under 'Imaging' Tab and check to see if the user has permission
    [Automation Testing]
2.  Click on 'Selection Filter' to show and hide the Filter options
    [Manual Testing]
3.  Choose a parameter from the 'Selection Filter' that applies: [Automation Testing]
     - Select the right 'Site'
     - Input the right 'Patient ID'
     - Input the right 'Patient Name'
     - Input the right 'Date of Birth'
     - Input the right 'Archive Location'
     - Input the right 'Gender'
     - Input the right 'Acquisition Date'
     - Input the right 'Series UID'
     - Check the results in the table
4.  Click on 'Clear Filters' to make sure the previously entered data can be erased
    [Automation Testing]
5.  Click on 'View Details' under Metadata to view the Details of MRI Scan
    [Manual Testing]
6.  Under 'View Details' Check to make sure all the specific parameters are Populated
    [Manual Testing]
7.  Under 'View Details' Click on 'Acquisition ID' to view the violated scans (if there are any) if permission 
    'Violated Scans: View all-sites Violated Scans' is granted
    [Manual Testing]
8.  Under 'View Details' Click on 'Show/Hide Series' and 'Show/Hide Files' to view a list of all DICOM Series/Files,
    respectively, for the given DICOM study
    [Manual Testing]
9.  Make sure that the value of 'Patient ID' column is 'INVALID-HIDDEN' if the PatientID does not match the
    regex set in the Configuration module under the 'Imaging Modules' submenu. Repeat the same operation for
    'Patient Name' [Manual Testing]
10. Click on 'View Images' to acess the Imaging-Browser for the given subject if 'View all-sites Imaging Browser 
    pages' or 'View own-site Imaging Browser pages' permission is set
    [Manual Testing]
11. Ensure that clicking on any row in the 'Archive Location' column triggers a download of the corresponding 
    archived DICOM study. Make sure that the copy of the file downloaded to
    your system is prepended with the Patient Name field.
    [Manual Testing]
