# Instrument Manager

This module allows you to view the status of instruments that are installed in LORIS. If configured, the module will contain an **Upload** tab, where you can install new instruments created with the Instrument Builder. 

## View Status of Installed Instruments

In the **Browse** tab, use the *Selection Filter* section to search for an instrument. The resulting table will display details including whether or not its SQL table exists and is valid. The columns are defined as follows:

*Instrument*: back-end instrument name as given in the `test_names` table.

*Instrument Type*: "PHP", or "Instrument Builder" if the instrument is a _LINST_ file.

*Table Installed*: "Exists" or "Missing", depending on whether the instrument table exists in the LORIS SQL database.

*Table Valid*: displays whether the SQL database is properly configured with respect to the instrument installed in the LORIS `project/instruments` directory. 

*Pages Valid* displays whether the `instrument_subtests` table in LORIS is properly populated for this instrument

**Note**: the *Table Valid* and *Pages Valid* columns can only be determined for LINST instruments (generated by the Instrument Builder, see *Instrument Type* column), since this can't be determined for PHP instruments. 

## Upload New Instrument

If your LORIS is configured for it, the **Upload** tab will display an *Upload Instrument* section. Click **Browse** to select a LINST file from your computer. Click **Install Instrument** to install the instrument into LORIS. 

**Note**: Once installed, you’ll still need to manually insert the instrument into a study-specific test battery, which must be done via the back-end database. 
