CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Loris

We'd love to have you contribute to Loris. The first thing you should
do before contributing is probably sign up for the [LORIS developers'
mailing list](http://www.bic.mni.mcgill.ca/mailman/listinfo/loris-dev).

Your next step before issuing a pull request is to review our
[Coding Standards](./docs/CodingStandards.md). If you are doing
front-end development you should also check out our [React
guidelines](./docs/React.README.md).

You can also learn about our code
review process by perusing our [Code Review
Checklist](https://github.com/aces/Loris/wiki/Code-Review-Checklist)
in the [LORIS Wiki](https://github.com/aces/Loris/wiki). These will be
some of the factors we'll consider when reviewing your code.

## Development branches

You should base your pull requests on `master` when doing a bug fix. These PRs
should not contain code that introduces a breaking change.

All other pull requests, including enhancements and refactoring, should be based
on the development branch.
>>>>>>> d67fd79d9... Remove references to old branches

For more information about making well-organized pull requests,
please read our in-depth Wiki page, 
["Contributing to the Code"](https://github.com/aces/Loris/wiki/Contributing-to-the-Code).

## Pull Request Title and Description

To make it easier for reviewers to locate pull requests with which they have
expertise, we request that new pull requests follow a few conventions.

#### Title

The title should begin with square brackets enclosing the name of the
module that you are changing followed by a brief description.

e.g. This is a well-formed title. 

> [Imaging Uploader / Server Process Manager] Fix invalid upload state

If you are instead editing the `Core` libraries or the `tools` directory,
etc., you can supply these values in place of a module name.

There should be plenty of other examples in the list of pull requests
in the main code repository.

#### Description

When opening a pull request on GitHub you will see a pull request
template. Please fill out each heading with detailed information on your
code changes, suggested testing instructions, and links to open GitHub
issues and/or Redmine tickets (if applicable).

## Some Things To Keep In Mind

* If your changes require any table modifications:
    1. Review our [SQL standard](./docs/SQLModelingStandard.md).
    2. Modify the `SQL/0000*.sql` file(s) with your changes. These patches
    are applied during the LORIS install.  
    3. Include a patch to be used by existing projects. These should go in the 
    `SQL/New_patches/` directory.
    4. For SQL patches that are _optional_ (e.g. those that perform some 
            cleanup), place them in `SQL/Cleanup_patches/`.
    5. The files for our test database (Raisinbread) must be updated if they were modified.
        Detailed instructions for this step can be found [here](https://github.com/aces/Loris/tree/minor/raisinbread#exporting-rb).
* Include a test for any new module in the `modules/MODULENAME/test/`
  directory. You can look at other modules for examples of how to
  write tests.
* Add your new automated tests to TravisCI in the `.travis.yml`.
* Before sending any pull request, make sure you run our static analysis tools 
using the command `make checkstatic` and fix any resulting errors. Otherwise,
      your pull request will fail our automatic testing and we will not be able
      to merge it.
* Try and make all changes backwards-compatible with existing installations.  
* If you must change something in a non-backwards-compatible way - or if it 
would affect the data or custom code of a study - document this in your pull 
request description and tag it with **Caveat for Existing Projects**. 
This helps us to document our release notes.

If you're unsure about any of the above, feel free to ask us for
clarification via the mailing list.

## Getting Started

If you're looking for ideas for a way to contribute but don't know where
to begin, here are some ideas to get you started:

* You can browse some of our public
[Issues](https://github.com/aces/Loris/issues). Issues tagged with **Beginner
Friendly** are good ones to tackle if you are new to LORIS development.
* You can help improve our documentation if you find any parts of it
confusing or lacking.
* You can track down bugs by browsing the application and reviewing the
PHP error log.

Commit message:

Update with latest branch information [ci skip]

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Loris

We'd love to have you contribute to Loris. The first thing you should
do before contributing is probably sign up for the [LORIS developers'
mailing list](http://www.bic.mni.mcgill.ca/mailman/listinfo/loris-dev).

Your next step before issuing a pull request is to review our
[Coding Standards](./docs/CodingStandards.md). If you are doing
front-end development you should also check out our [React
guidelines](./docs/React.README.md).

You can also learn about our code
review process by perusing our [Code Review
Checklist](https://github.com/aces/Loris/wiki/Code-Review-Checklist)
in the [LORIS Wiki](https://github.com/aces/Loris/wiki). These will be
some of the factors we'll consider when reviewing your code.

## Development branches

For the most part, changes to the codebase should be sent to the `master`
branch, which is the default.

Small bug fixes for a given version of LORIS should be sent to the branch named
for that version. For example, fixing a bug in LORIS version 22 should be sent
to the `22.0-release` branch.

When fixing a bug present in multiple versions of LORIS, send your fix to the
oldest version and our team will push the fix forward into other versions. For
example if you are fixing a bug on LORIS version 21, send it to the `21.0-release`
branch and our team will push it forward into `22.0-release`, etc.

## Pull Request Title and Description

To make it easier for reviewers to locate pull requests with which they have
expertise, we request that new pull requests follow a few conventions.

#### Title

The title should begin with square brackets enclosing the name of the
module that you are changing followed by a brief description.

e.g. This is a well-formed title. 

> [Imaging Uploader / Server Process Manager] Fix invalid upload state

If you are instead editing the `Core` libraries or the `tools` directory,
etc., you can supply these values in place of a module name.

There should be plenty of other examples in the list of pull requests
in the main code repository.

#### Description

When opening a pull request on GitHub you will see a pull request
template. Please fill out each heading with detailed information on your
code changes, suggested testing instructions, and links to open GitHub
issues and/or Redmine tickets (if applicable).

## Some Things To Keep In Mind

* If your changes require any table modifications:
    1. Review our [SQL standard](./docs/SQLModelingStandard.md).
    2. Modify the `SQL/0000*.sql` file(s) with your changes. These patches
    are applied during the LORIS install.  
    3. Include a patch to be used by existing projects. These should go in the 
    `SQL/New_patches/` directory.
    4. For SQL patches that are _optional_ (e.g. those that perform some 
            cleanup), place them in `SQL/Cleanup_patches/`.
    5. The files for our test database (Raisinbread) must be updated if they were modified.
        Detailed instructions for this step can be found [here](https://github.com/aces/Loris/tree/minor/raisinbread#exporting-rb).
* Include a test for any new module in the `modules/MODULENAME/test/`
  directory. You can look at other modules for examples of how to
  write tests.
* Add your new automated tests to TravisCI in the `.travis.yml`.
* Before sending any pull request, make sure you run our static analysis tools 
using the command `make checkstatic` and fix any resulting errors. Otherwise,
      your pull request will fail our automatic testing and we will not be able
      to merge it.
* Try and make all changes backwards-compatible with existing installations.  
* If you must change something in a non-backwards-compatible way - or if it 
would affect the data or custom code of a study - document this in your pull 
request description and tag it with **Caveat for Existing Projects**. 
This helps us to document our release notes.

If you're unsure about any of the above, feel free to ask us for
clarification via the mailing list.

## Getting Started

If you're looking for ideas for a way to contribute but don't know where
to begin, here are some ideas to get you started:

* You can browse some of our public
[Issues](https://github.com/aces/Loris/issues). Issues tagged with **Beginner
Friendly** are good ones to tackle if you are new to LORIS development.
* You can help improve our documentation if you find any parts of it
confusing or lacking.
* You can track down bugs by browsing the application and reviewing the
PHP error log.
