README.Mac.md, before:

# LORIS (macOS) Development Guide
### We recommend installing LORIS on Ubuntu or CentOS
#### macOS is no longer supported for "production" as of v15.10. 

This is a guide on how to get a LORIS instance Running on your apple computer for development. You're expected to have basic understanding of using a terminal and editing configuration files. 
For production, we recommend installing LORIS on Ubuntu or CentOS.

# 1. System Requirements

The following list provides foresight into the proceeding sections and recommended versions to install:

 * macOS (tested on Mojave 10.14.3)
 * XCode Command Line Tools
 * Homebrew
 * Apache (a.k.a httpd)
 * PHP (tested on v7.2.14)
 * PHP extension: ast-0.1.5
 * pkg-config
 * Composer
 * Node.js (npm)
 * MySQL (tested with MariaDB)
 * Xdebug (tested on v2.6.1)
 
# 1.1 Pre-Requirements

You should have a GitHub account and git installed on your local development machine.
 
## 1.1 On Github, create your own fork of Loris.

1) Navigate to [github.com/aces/Loris](https://github.com/aces/Loris)
2) Click the Fork button

You should now have your own repository on Github of Loris.

## 1.2 Clone your fork of Loris, to your local machine.

Create a directory for development and where you will clone your fork of Loris.

In this example, the finished result will be: ~/Development/GitHub/McGill/Loris

**a.** Create the directory for development and where the fork will reside.

Paste the following in your terminal and hit enter:
```
mkdir ~/Development ~/Development/GitHub ~/Development/GitHub/McGill
```

**b.** clone your fork to ~/Development/GitHub/McGill

Paste the following lines in your terminal, and replace <your_username> with your github username before pressing enter.
```
cd ~/Development/GitHub/McGill
clone https://github.com/<your_username>/Loris.git
```

## 1.3 Install XCode Command Line Tools
Type the following in your terminal and hit enter:
```
xcode-select --install
```

## 1.4 Install Homebrew
The install script, to paste in your terminal:
```
/usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"
```

## 1.5 Install Apache (a.k.a httpd)
The following commands will install apache and launch it as a service on startup:
```
brew update
brew upgrade
brew install httpd
brew link httpd
sudo brew services start httpd
```

#### (useful) terminal commands for Apache
How to start, stop, and restart apache.
```
sudo apachectl start
sudo apachectl stop
sudo apachectl -k restart
```

### 1.5.1 Modify Apache Configuration

Modify the apache configuration file for our development environment.
```
sudo open -e /usr/local/etc/httpd/httpd.conf
```

**a.** Find the line:
```
Listen 8080
```
and replace to:
```
Listen 80
```

**b.** Find & modify the ServerName to:
```
ServerName localhost
```

**c.** Find & modify the DocumentRoot and Directory of apache to:
```
DocumentRoot "/usr/local/var/www"
<Directory "/usr/local/var/www">
```
and replace to (note: <your_user> should be your macOS user):
```
DocumentRoot "/Users/<your_user>/Development/GitHub/McGill/Loris/htdocs/"
<Directory "/Users/<your_user>/Development/GitHub/McGill/Loris/htdocs/">
```

**d.** In the same <Directory> block, modify AllowOverride to allow all:
```
# AllowOverride controls what directives may be placed in .htaccess files.
# It can be "All", "None", or any combination of the keywords:
#   AllowOverride FileInfo AuthConfig Limit
#
AllowOverride All
```

**e.** Enable mod_rewrite which is commented out by default:
```
LoadModule rewrite_module lib/httpd/modules/mod_rewrite.so
```

**f.** Modify the User & Group (replace your_user again with your macOS user) to:
```
User your_user
Group staff
```

**g.** Modify the ServerName to:
```
ServerName localhost
```

#### Restart apache and it will reload the updated settings
```
sudo apachectl -k restart
```

## 1.6 Install PHP and pk-config

Paste these commands into your terminal while hitting enter:
```
brew install php72
brew link php72
brew services start php72
brew install pkg-config
```

### 1.6.1 Modify Apache Configuration (again) but for PHP

Modify the apache configuration file to enable php.
```
sudo open -e /usr/local/etc/httpd/httpd.conf
```

**a.** Add the below line to LoadModules (Change php@<version> to the correct version):
```
LoadModule php7_module /usr/local/opt/php@<version>/lib/httpd/modules/libphp7.so
```

**b.** Modify <IfModule dir_module> to this:
```
<IfModule dir_module>
    DirectoryIndex index.php index.html
</IfModule>
```

**c.** Add the below lines under </IfModule>:
```
<FilesMatch \.php$>
    SetHandler application/x-httpd-php
</FilesMatch>
```

#### Restart apache and it will reload the updated settings
```
sudo apachectl -k restart
```

## 1.7 Installing Xdebug

Xdebug allows debugging with breakpoints (such as when using an IDE ex. Intellij).

Paste into your terminal and hit enter:
```
pecl install xdebug
```

### 1.7.1 Configure Xdebug for local development

**a.** Comment out or remove the entry, zend_extensions=“xdebug.so” from the top of your php.ini (Note: replace your_php_version with the correct php version installed):
```
sudo open -e /usr/local/etc/php/<your_php_version>/php.ini
```

b. Create the file ext-xdebug.ini with this command:
```
sudo touch /usr/local/etc/php/<your_php_version>/conf.d/ext-xdebug.ini
```

c. Paste the following into the ext-xdebug.ini file you just created (Note: replace the zend_extension path with the correct one on your machine):
```
[xdebug]
zend_extension="/usr/local/Cellar/php@7.2/7.2.14/pecl/20170718/xdebug.so"
xdebug.remote_enable=on
xdebug.remote_host=localhost
xdebug.remote_port=9000
xdebug.show_error_trace=1
xdebug.remote_autostart=1
xdebug.remote_connect_back=0
xdebug.idekey=phpstorm
```

#### Restart apache and it will reload with Xdebug configured.
```
sudo apachectl -k restart
```

### 1.7.2 (Optional) Install [Xdebug toggle for OSX](https://github.com/w00fz/xdebug-osx)

**a.** Paste the following into your terminal while hitting enter:
```
curl -L https://gist.githubusercontent.com/rhukster/073a2c1270ccb2c6868e7aced92001cf/raw > /usr/local/bin/xdebug
chmod +x /usr/local/bin/xdebug
```

**b.** Terminal command to view Xdebug state:
```
xdebug
```

**c.** Terminal command to toggle xdebug (On or Off)
```
xdebug on
xdebug off
```

## 1.8 Install MySQL

We’re installing MariaDB (fork of mysql)

**a.** Paste the commands into your terminal while hitting enter:
```
brew update
brew upgrade
brew install mariadb
brew services start mariadb
```

**b.** Securing MySQL (set password for user “root” and disable outside localhost, remove anonymous users & test dbs):
```
mysql_secure_installation
```

### 1.8.1 (recommended) MySQL GUI tool

[Sequel Pro](https://sequelpro.com/test-builds) (free)

[TablePlus](https://tableplus.io) (free trial or pay for extra features)

## 1.9 Install Composer
Type into your terminal and hit enter:
```
brew install composer
```

## 2.0 Install PHP extension: ext-ast ^0.1.5 for phan/phan
Type into your terminal and hit enter:
```
pecl install ast-0.1.5;
```

## 2.1 Install Loris
Paste into your terminal while hitting enter:
```
cd ~/Development/GitHub/McGill/Loris
composer install
npm install
npm run compile
cd /tools
./install.sh
```

## 2.1.1 Launch the Loris installer in your browser
Open a browser such as chrome and navigate to:
```
localhost/installdb.php
```

Once finished hooray, Loris should accessible at http://localhost and you can start developing!

Commit message:

Updated README.Mac.md for development guide and include Node.js

README.Mac.md, after:

# LORIS (macOS) Development Guide
### We recommend installing LORIS on Ubuntu or CentOS
#### macOS is no longer supported for "production" as of v15.10. 

This is a guide on how to get a LORIS instance Running on your apple computer for development. You're expected to have basic understanding of using a terminal and editing configuration files. 
For production, we recommend installing LORIS on Ubuntu or CentOS.

# 1. System Requirements

The following list provides foresight into the proceeding sections and recommended versions to install:

 * macOS (tested on Mojave 10.14.3)
 * XCode Command Line Tools
 * Homebrew
 * Apache (a.k.a httpd)
 * PHP (tested on v7.2.14)
 * PHP extension: ast-0.1.5
 * pkg-config
 * Composer
 * Node.js (npm)
 * MySQL (tested with MariaDB)
 * Xdebug (tested on v2.6.1)
 
# 1.1 Pre-Requirements

You should have a GitHub account and git installed on your local development machine.
 
## 1.1 On Github, create your own fork of Loris.

1) Navigate to [github.com/aces/Loris](https://github.com/aces/Loris)
2) Click the Fork button

You should now have your own repository on Github of Loris.

## 1.2 Clone your fork of Loris, to your local machine.

Create a directory for development and where you will clone your fork of Loris.

In this example, the finished result will be: ~/Development/GitHub/McGill/Loris

**a.** Create the directory for development and where the fork will reside.

Paste the following in your terminal and hit enter:
```
mkdir ~/Development ~/Development/GitHub ~/Development/GitHub/McGill
```

**b.** clone your fork to ~/Development/GitHub/McGill

Paste the following lines in your terminal, and replace <your_username> with your github username before pressing enter.
```
cd ~/Development/GitHub/McGill
clone https://github.com/<your_username>/Loris.git
```

## 1.3 Install XCode Command Line Tools
Type the following in your terminal and hit enter:
```
xcode-select --install
```

## 1.4 Install Homebrew
The install script, to paste in your terminal:
```
/usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"
```

## 1.5 Install Apache (a.k.a httpd)
The following commands will install apache and launch it as a service on startup:
```
brew update
brew upgrade
brew install httpd
brew link httpd
sudo brew services start httpd
```

#### (useful) terminal commands for Apache
How to start, stop, and restart apache.
```
sudo apachectl start
sudo apachectl stop
sudo apachectl -k restart
```

### 1.5.1 Modify Apache Configuration

Modify the apache configuration file for our development environment.
```
sudo open -e /usr/local/etc/httpd/httpd.conf
```

**a.** Find the line:
```
Listen 8080
```
and replace to:
```
Listen 80
```

**b.** Find & modify the ServerName to:
```
ServerName localhost
```

**c.** Find & modify the DocumentRoot and Directory of apache to:
```
DocumentRoot "/usr/local/var/www"
<Directory "/usr/local/var/www">
```
and replace to (note: <your_user> should be your macOS user):
```
DocumentRoot "/Users/<your_user>/Development/GitHub/McGill/Loris/htdocs/"
<Directory "/Users/<your_user>/Development/GitHub/McGill/Loris/htdocs/">
```

**d.** In the same <Directory> block, modify AllowOverride to allow all:
```
# AllowOverride controls what directives may be placed in .htaccess files.
# It can be "All", "None", or any combination of the keywords:
#   AllowOverride FileInfo AuthConfig Limit
#
AllowOverride All
```

**e.** Enable mod_rewrite which is commented out by default:
```
LoadModule rewrite_module lib/httpd/modules/mod_rewrite.so
```

**f.** Modify the User & Group (replace your_user again with your macOS user) to:
```
User your_user
Group staff
```

**g.** Modify the ServerName to:
```
ServerName localhost
```

#### Restart apache and it will reload the updated settings
```
sudo apachectl -k restart
```

## 1.6 Install PHP and pk-config

Paste these commands into your terminal while hitting enter:
```
brew install php72
brew link php72
brew services start php72
brew install pkg-config
```

### 1.6.1 Modify Apache Configuration (again) but for PHP

Modify the apache configuration file to enable php.
```
sudo open -e /usr/local/etc/httpd/httpd.conf
```

**a.** Add the below line to LoadModules (Change php@<version> to the correct version):
```
LoadModule php7_module /usr/local/opt/php@<version>/lib/httpd/modules/libphp7.so
```

**b.** Modify <IfModule dir_module> to this:
```
<IfModule dir_module>
    DirectoryIndex index.php index.html
</IfModule>
```

**c.** Add the below lines under </IfModule>:
```
<FilesMatch \.php$>
    SetHandler application/x-httpd-php
</FilesMatch>
```

#### Restart apache and it will reload the updated settings
```
sudo apachectl -k restart
```

## 1.7 Installing Xdebug

Xdebug allows debugging with breakpoints (such as when using an IDE ex. Intellij).

Paste into your terminal and hit enter:
```
pecl install xdebug
```

### 1.7.1 Configure Xdebug for local development

**a.** Comment out or remove the entry, zend_extensions=“xdebug.so” from the top of your php.ini (Note: replace your_php_version with the correct php version installed):
```
sudo open -e /usr/local/etc/php/<your_php_version>/php.ini
```

b. Create the file ext-xdebug.ini with this command:
```
sudo touch /usr/local/etc/php/<your_php_version>/conf.d/ext-xdebug.ini
```

c. Paste the following into the ext-xdebug.ini file you just created (Note: replace the zend_extension path with the correct one on your machine):
```
[xdebug]
zend_extension="/usr/local/Cellar/php@7.2/7.2.14/pecl/20170718/xdebug.so"
xdebug.remote_enable=on
xdebug.remote_host=localhost
xdebug.remote_port=9000
xdebug.show_error_trace=1
xdebug.remote_autostart=1
xdebug.remote_connect_back=0
xdebug.idekey=phpstorm
```

#### Restart apache and it will reload with Xdebug configured.
```
sudo apachectl -k restart
```

### 1.7.2 (Optional) Install [Xdebug toggle for OSX](https://github.com/w00fz/xdebug-osx)

**a.** Paste the following into your terminal while hitting enter:
```
curl -L https://gist.githubusercontent.com/rhukster/073a2c1270ccb2c6868e7aced92001cf/raw > /usr/local/bin/xdebug
chmod +x /usr/local/bin/xdebug
```

**b.** Terminal command to view Xdebug state:
```
xdebug
```

**c.** Terminal command to toggle xdebug (On or Off)
```
xdebug on
xdebug off
```

## 1.8 Install MySQL

We’re installing MariaDB (fork of mysql)

**a.** Paste the commands into your terminal while hitting enter:
```
brew update
brew upgrade
brew install mariadb
brew services start mariadb
```

**b.** Securing MySQL (set password for user “root” and disable outside localhost, remove anonymous users & test dbs):
```
mysql_secure_installation
```

### 1.8.1 (recommended) MySQL GUI tool

[Sequel Pro](https://sequelpro.com/test-builds) (free)

[TablePlus](https://tableplus.io) (free trial or pay for extra features)

## 1.9 Install Composer
Type into your terminal and hit enter:
```
brew install composer
```

## 2.0 Install PHP extension: ext-ast ^0.1.5 for phan/phan
Type into your terminal and hit enter:
```
pecl install ast-0.1.5;
```

## 2.1 Install Node.js
Navigate in your browser to [NodeJS.org](https://nodejs.org/en/) to download and run the installer.


## 2.2 Install Loris
Paste into your terminal while hitting enter:
```
cd ~/Development/GitHub/McGill/Loris
composer install
npm install
npm run compile
cd /tools
./install.sh
```

## 2.2.1 Launch the Loris installer in your browser
Open a browser such as chrome and navigate to:
```
localhost/installdb.php
```

Once finished hooray, Loris should accessible at http://localhost and you can start developing!
