# Access Profile

In many cases, the candidate's profile will already be created. The
Access Profile module, also found under the Candidate menu, allows
the user to efficiently search for an existing candidate and access
the related data.

There are 3 main ways to search for a candidate:

## Option 1: Using PSCID and DCCID

A specific candidate profile can be accessed directly by entering
both the PSCID and the DCCID in the white boxes to the right of the
screen and then clicking the button "Open Profile". In a narrow
browser window or mobile device the PSCID and DCCID fields are found
below the selection filter.

## Option 2: Basic Filter Options

Users may search for particular candidates by selecting from the
"Basic" filter options. Users may select from drop-down select
boxes, and then click "Show Data" to view a list of candidates. If
only a fragment of the candidate ID is known, the user may search
for the profile by entering the known fragment, and then click show
data to find the appropriate profile.

For example, searching with "531" under "DCCID" will retrieve the
profile of candidate DCC1107 (with full DCCID 531861).

## Option 3: Advanced Filter Options

More detailed filter options can be accessed by clicking on the
"Advanced" button. Users will select from a number of drop-down
select boxes including Site, Project, Subproject, Biological Sex,
etc., and then click "Show Data" to view a list of candidates. To
return to "Basic" selection filters please select "Basic".

To view a specific candidate's dataset, click on the candidate's
PSCID found in blue text under the "PSCID" column. At the top of
the table, column headings will appear underlined and show a click
icon when the user hovers over the heading title. Data can be sorted
in ascending order according to a given column by clicking on the
column heading (i.e. DCCID, Site, PSCID etc.), and by clicking
again, in descending order. In both standard and mobile view, the
selection filter can be hidden by selecting the upward arrow icon,
allowing easier viewing of the data. Once in this view, users can
click on the downward arrow icon to display the features of the
selection filter once again. This feature applies to all pages that
include a Selection Filter.

Note that the form remembers previously selected data such that
when the user returns to the "Access Profile" page, the selection
filter will automatically select profiles according to the last
selection settings. Depending on the magnitude of the search, there
may be several pages of search results for the user to look through.
If "No candidates found" appears, this indicates no profiles matched
the information specified by the selection filter(s).

When on a mobile device or narrow browser window, the table will
have a slider at the bottom of the table, facilitating scrolling
of the data. The user may also hover or click the arrows that flank
the table to see the remainder of the table. When scrolling through
search results, the PSCID column will freeze and remain displayed
on the lefthand side, to allow for easy reference and access to
relevant information.

