modules/document_repository/test/TestPlan.md, before:

1. User has access to document repository if they have the "View and upload files in Document Repository” permission or is the super user.
   [Automation Testing]
2. Create a category and a sub category.
   [Automation Testing]
3. Check that the comments for a category are displayed properly as a tooltip.
   [Automation Testing]
4. Upload a file.
   [Manual Testing]
5. User is able to delete a file if they have the "Delete files in Document Repository" permission or is the super user.
   [Manual Testing]
6. Edit document property and save. Check that changes were saved properly.
   [Manual Testing]
7. Download a file and check content.
   [Manual Testing]
8. Add files in repository to test search according to file name, file type, version, site and uploaded by.
   [Manual Testing]
9. Check that expand/collapse works for non-empty categories. Check that when performing a search, the categories
   containing the resulting files (and only those) are shown in a list format
   [Manual Testing]
10. Check that if a category contains special characters (e.g. space, dot or comma) it can be expanded.
   [Manual Testing]
11. Add two files with the same name. You should get a 'duplicate file name' error.
   [Manual Testing]
12. Edit a file in the repository: check that “Date Uploaded” date is updated.
    [Manual Testing]
    [Manual Testing]
13. User A edits a file. User B tries to delete the same file in the meantime. Check that he can't.
    [Manual Testing]
14. Check that preference “Receive Document Repository Notifications” works.
    [Manual Testing]
15. Check that performance is OK with large number of files.
    [Manual Testing]
16. Check that if you have the 'Receive document repository notification' activated you will receive an email each 
    time one of the following event occurs:
       - Addition, deletion or modification of a file
       - Addition of a category.
    Also check that the www address contained in the notification email is correct.
    [Manual Testing]
17. To upload large files, check that the following settings are in php.ini (default: /etc/php/{php_version}/apache2/php.ini):
      session.gc_maxlifetime 10800
      max_execution_time  10800
      upload_max_filesize 1020M
      post_max_size   1024M
    [Manual Testing]

Commit message:

[DocRepo] Update test plan for 22.0-release (#5525)
Remove test for functionality that was never implemented and clarify other points.

Fixes #5456.

modules/document_repository/test/TestPlan.md, after:

1. User has access to document repository if they have the "View and upload files in Document Repository” permission or is the super user.
   [Automation Testing]
2. Create a category and a sub category.
   [Automation Testing]
3. Check that the comments for a category are displayed properly as a tooltip.
   [Automation Testing]
4. Upload a file.
   [Manual Testing]
5. User is able to delete a file if they have the "Delete files in Document Repository" permission or is the super user.
   [Manual Testing]
6. Edit document property and save. Check that changes were saved properly.
   [Manual Testing]
7. Download a file and check content.
   [Manual Testing]
8. Add files in repository to test search according to file name, file type, version, site and uploaded by.
   [Manual Testing]
9. Check that expand/collapse works for non-empty categories. Check that when performing a search, the categories
   containing the resulting files (and only those) are shown in a list format
   [Manual Testing]
10. Check that if a category contains special characters (e.g. space, dot or comma) it can be expanded.
   [Manual Testing]
11. Add two files with the same name. You should get a 'duplicate file name' error.
   [Manual Testing]
12. Edit a file in the repository: check that “Date Uploaded” date is updated.
    [Manual Testing]
    [Manual Testing]
    [Manual Testing]
13. Check that preference “Receive Document Repository Notifications” works.
    [Manual Testing]
14. Check that performance is OK with large number of files.
    [Manual Testing]
15. Check that if you have the 'Receive document repository notification' activated you will receive an email each 
    time one of the following event occurs:
       - Addition, deletion or modification of a file (by a user other than yourself)
       - Addition of a category (by a user other than yourself)
    Also check that the www address contained in the notification email is correct.
    [Manual Testing]
16. To upload large files, check that the following settings are in php.ini (default: /etc/php/{php_version}/apache2/php.ini):
      session.gc_maxlifetime 10800
      max_execution_time  10800
      upload_max_filesize 1020M
      post_max_size   1024M
    [Manual Testing]
