modules/timepoint_list/help/timepoint_list.md, before:

# Candidate Profile

LORIS organizes longitudinal study data into a series of time-points for each candidate. Each time-point or candidate visit will be identified by a <b>Visit Label</b> (e.g. V01, V02) according to the testing plan or battery design of the study.

## Time Point: Actions

Authorized users can modify candidate records and add timepoints via the row of “Actions:” buttons above the "List of Visits (Time Points)" table.\r\nTo create a new time-point, click on “<b>Create Time Point</b>”.
Users with adequate permissions may also edit general information about a candidate, such as updating participant status and general comments, by clicking the "<b>Edit Candidate Info</b>" button.
To view all scans collected, click “<b>View Imaging Datasets</b>”, which will load the Imaging Browser timepoints available for the candidate.
As users navigate through candidate records, clicking on the PSCID and DCCID displayed at the top of the screen will return the user to this Candidate Profile page.

## Time-Point List table

The data table lists all registered time-points, displaying summary status information about each.
Click on any Visit Label to open a time-point record and view all instruments and data collected at that candidate-timepoint.

Commit message:

[Timepoint List] updated module help text (#5741)
New help text for timepoint list.

modules/timepoint_list/help/timepoint_list.md, after:

# Candidate Profile

LORIS organizes longitudinal study data into a series of timepoints (visit) for each candidate. Each timepoint will be identified by a **Visit Label** (i.e. V1, V2), according to the testing plan or battery design of the study.

## Timepoint List

The data table lists all registered time-points, displaying summary status information about each. Click on any **Visit Label** to open a timepoint record and view all instruments and data collected at that candidate-timepoint.

There are several actions you can take within a candidate's profile from the *Candidate Profile* page. This includes creating new timepoints, editing the candidate's information, and viewing imaging datasets.

## Create New Timepoint

Click **Create New Timepoint**, which brings you to a new page, which has its own help text with instructions for creating a new timepoint.

## Candidate Info

Click **Candidate Info** to arrive at the *Candidate Parameters* page, where you can edit general information about the candidate, such as adding their consent. 

## View Imaging Datasets

Click **View Imaging Datasets** to view the scans collected for the candidate's timepoints in the Imaging Browser.
