modules/configuration/test/TestPlan.md, before:

# Configuration Test Plan

1. Verify that the Config menu item only appears in the Admin main menu if the user 
has permission "config" (Edit configuration settings).
  [Automation Test on Travis CI]
2. Verify that you can only load the configuration module if the user has permission 
"config" (Edit configuration settings).
  [Automation Test on Travis CI]
3. Load the config module. Roll over each of the config labels to see if it gives a 
description of that setting.
  [Automation Test on Travis CI]
4. Go through each field in the configuration module. For each field where there is a
single text area or radio input to enter data, try changing the value and pressing
save at the bottom of the page. Refresh the page and check that the value actually 
persists. Try to see if the change actually affected LORIS in some way. For example, 
for the project description in the dashboard settings, go to the dashboard to see if 
the project description actually changed.
   >Some settings will break LORIS, like changing the base path, or Main project 
 URL, so be wary.
  [Manual Test] 
5. Go through each of the fields in the configuration module that have the 
"Add field" button are configuration values that allow multiple entries. For each of 
these fields:
   - try clicking the "Add field" button to see that this adds a new field to enter 
   data. Enter data and press save at the bottom of the page. Refresh the page, check
   that the data saved
   - try deleting a field with the 'X' button. Press save at the bottom of the page. 
   Refresh the page and check that the field was in fact deleted
  [Manual Test]
6. Check that by setting 'Sandbox' in the config.xml to 1, the config tag names 
appear in grey below their labels.
  [Automation Test]
7. Check that the fields overridden in the config.xml appear greyed out in the config 
module and not editable.
  [Automation Test]
8. Verify that Help section content and Developer's guide is complete, accurate and 
up-to-date.
  [Automation Test]
 
## Subproject

1. Click on the subproject link at the top of the page and confirm that it brings you
to the subproject configuration page.
  [Automation Test on Travis CI]
2. Click the 'New SubprojectID' in the left column navigation. Test adding a new 
subproject.
  [Manual Test]
3. Test editing a currently existing subproject. Test resetting the form as well with
the reset button.
  [Manual Test]
4. Test the breadcrumbs to see if you can navigate back to the main config page.
  [Automation Test]

## Project

1. Click on the project link at the top of the page and confirm that it brings you to
the project configuration page.
  [Manual Test]
2. Click the 'New ProjectID' in the left column navigation. Try to add a new project.
  [Manual Test]
3. Test editing a currently existing project. Test resetting the form as well with 
the reset button.
  [Manual Test]
4. Confirm that the related subprojects are correct. This information comes from the 
project_subproject_rel table in the database.
  [Manual Test]
5. Test the breadcrumb to see if you can navigate back to the main config page.
  [Automation Test]
6. Go back to the project configuration page and click on the subproject link and 
confirm that it brings you to the subproject configuration page.
  [Manual Test]

Commit message:

[configurations] Allow for both 0/1 or true/false to be used (#5605)
This restores a behaviour from #5592 while keeping the bugfix.

Previous behaviour was intentionally maintaining 1/0 values when previously saved value was 1/0 and true/false values when previously saved value was true/false. That is due to a lack of standard when coding with boolean values within modules.

The PR linked above converted all values to 1/0 automatically which is problematic because some code sections will be expecting a true or false to be returned from the getSetting('something') call.

modules/configuration/test/TestPlan.md, after:

# Configuration Test Plan

1. Verify that the Config menu item only appears in the Admin main menu if the user 
has permission "config" (Edit configuration settings).
  [Automation Test on Travis CI]
2. Verify that you can only load the configuration module if the user has permission 
"config" (Edit configuration settings).
  [Automation Test on Travis CI]
3. Load the config module. Roll over each of the config labels to see if it gives a 
description of that setting.
  [Automation Test on Travis CI]
4. Go through each field in the configuration module. For each field where there is a
single text area or radio input to enter data, try changing the value and pressing
save at the bottom of the page. Refresh the page and check that the value actually 
persists. Try to see if the change actually affected LORIS in some way. For example, 
for the project description in the dashboard settings, go to the dashboard to see if 
the project description actually changed.
   >Some settings will break LORIS, like changing the base path, or Main project 
 URL, so be wary.
  [Manual Test]
5. Boolean configurations in the database can be either set to `1/0` or `true/false`.
   - make sure that changing the value from the module does not alter the type of 
   boolean (`1/0` or `true/false`) in the database but only alters it's value. 
   - manually change, in the database, the type of boolean (from `true/false` to `1/0`
    for example) and make sure that updating the value from the front end subsequently 
    only changes the value again without reverting the type to `true/false`.
  [Manual Test]
6. Go through each of the fields in the configuration module that have the 
"Add field" button are configuration values that allow multiple entries. For each of 
these fields:
   - try clicking the "Add field" button to see that this adds a new field to enter 
   data. Enter data and press save at the bottom of the page. Refresh the page, check
   that the data saved
   - try deleting a field with the 'X' button. Press save at the bottom of the page. 
   Refresh the page and check that the field was in fact deleted
  [Manual Test]
7. Check that by setting 'Sandbox' in the config.xml to 1, the config tag names 
appear in grey below their labels.
  [Automation Test]
8. Check that the fields overridden in the config.xml appear greyed out in the config 
module and not editable.
  [Automation Test]
9. Verify that Help section content and Developer's guide is complete, accurate and 
up-to-date.
  [Manual Test]
 
## Subproject

1. Click on the subproject link at the top of the page and confirm that it brings you
to the subproject configuration page.
  [Automation Test on Travis CI]
2. Click the 'New SubprojectID' in the left column navigation. Test adding a new 
subproject.
  [Manual Test]
3. Test editing a currently existing subproject. Test resetting the form as well with
the reset button.
  [Manual Test]
4. Test the breadcrumbs to see if you can navigate back to the main config page.
  [Automation Test]

## Project

1. Click on the project link at the top of the page and confirm that it brings you to
the project configuration page.
  [Manual Test]
2. Click the 'New ProjectID' in the left column navigation. Try to add a new project.
  [Manual Test]
3. Test editing a currently existing project. Test resetting the form as well with 
the reset button.
  [Manual Test]
4. Confirm that the related subprojects are correct. This information comes from the 
project_subproject_rel table in the database.
  [Manual Test]
5. Test the breadcrumb to see if you can navigate back to the main config page.
  [Automation Test]
6. Go back to the project configuration page and click on the subproject link and 
confirm that it brings you to the subproject configuration page.
  [Manual Test]
