modules/dashboard/help/dashboard.md, before:

# LORIS

Welcome to the LORIS database.

The top menu bar provides easy access to LORIS' many modules and features.

Click on the question mark icon in the top menu to access detailed help information for the current module or page. This Help section provides context sensitive information on navigating and interacting with features within LORIS.

Upon logging into LORIS, users will see the dashboard. To return to the main dashboard at any time, click on "LORIS" at the far left corner of the menu bar.

Key user information is displayed at the right side of the Menu Bar, including the user's name and the sites to which the user belongs.

To log out from LORIS, click on the user's name and select "Log Out" from the dropdown menu, or select "User Preferences" to update user information, profile settings, and to change your password.

Click on any of the six main menus to access LORIS modules.

## Dashboard Features

The dashboard is composed of panels showing at-a-glance status of the LORIS study. It has panels for each of: Recruitment, Study Progression, My Tasks, Document Repository Notifications, and Behavioral Feedback Notifications. Each panel can be hidden by clicking the arrow located in the top right corner.

### Recruitment

View how many candidates have been recruited for a given study.  Click the "Views" button in the right-hand corner for a breakdown by site. Note that charts include data from ineligible, excluded, and consent-withdrawn candidates.

### Study Progression:

View a timeline of scans collected by each study site, or a timeline of candidate recruitment per site. Zoom in on the chart to view detailed data points. Note that charts include data from ineligible, excluded, and consent withdrawn candidates.

### My Tasks

User-specific list of outstanding tasks such as data entry conflicts, incomplete forms, or new and pending scans awaiting review. Click on any task panel to jump to the appropriate module.

### Document Repository Notifications

View recently uploaded documents for your study or site user's study or site.  Click on a document name to download the file directly from the Dashboard. Click on "Document Repository" to view the complete list of available documents.

### Behavioral Feedback Notifications

Track issues and corrections to behavioural/clinical data points. Click on a notification to redirect to the instrument with new changes or feedback.

Commit message:

[Dashboard] Updated module help text (#5607)
Update dashboard help text to be more user friendly.

modules/dashboard/help/dashboard.md, after:

# LORIS

Welcome to the LORIS database.

Access the different modules within LORIS using the top menu bar.

Every module has a summary page, similar to this one, accessed by the question mark icon in the top right corner. This is designed to give you an overview of the module, what you can do with it, and how.

Need to update your account information, such as your password or other profile settings? Click on your name in the top right corner and click **User Preferences**. 

## Dashboard Features

This is where you’ll find an at-a-glance status of your LORIS study. Note that the charts in these sections include data from ineligible, excluded, and consent-withdrawn candidates. You can temporarily hide any of the sections from view by clicking the arrow located in the top right corner. We’ve broken down the different sections below:

#### Recruitment

Number of candidates that have been recruited for a given study. Click **Views** to narrow this view by site or project.

#### Study Progression

A timeline of scans collected by each study site, or a timeline of candidate recruitment per site. Zoom in on the chart to view detailed data points.

#### My Tasks

User-specific list of outstanding tasks such as data entry conflicts, incomplete forms, or new and pending scans awaiting review. Click on any task panel to jump to the appropriate module.

#### Document Repository Notifications

Recently-uploaded documents for your study. Click on a document name to download the file directly from the Dashboard. Click **Document Repository** to view the complete list of available documents.

#### Behavioral Feedback Notifications

Track issues and corrections to behavioural/clinical data points. Click on a notification to redirect to the instrument with new changes or feedback.
