modules/genomic_browser/README.md, before:

# Genomic Module

## Methylation tab

To use the methylation tab, the genomic_cpg_annotaion table should be filled with data from the Illumina HumanMethylation450k probe annotations file. This file can be found at ftp://webdata2:webdata2@ussd-ftp.illumina.com/downloads/ProductFiles/HumanMethylation450/HumanMethylation450_15017482_v1-2.csv. We provide a script,  `modules/genomic_browser/tools/HumanMethylation450k_annotations_to_sql` to transfer the csv file from Illumina's FTP to into a mysql transaction file. The output of the tool can be piped to mysql. The process should take between 5 to 10 minutes. 

This example script is a python3 script. 

usage :
```
python3 HumanMethylation450k_annotations_to_sql.py <annotation_file> | mysql -u <user> -p <database>
```

## Files

In order to enable file uploading functionality, you must create a `genomic_uploader` directory in the `GenomicDataPath` directory (specified in the ConfigSettings). This directory needs to have read and write permissions for the apache user. It's recommended that this directory is soft-linked to a directory under `/data`.

The Methylation file parser is expecting a csv file where the first column value is the cpg_name (probe_id) and each next column header is the PSCID of that sample.

Ex: 
Cpg Name,MTL001,MTL002,MTL003,OTT001,OTT002,OTT003
cg00004192,0.801189261,0.0301716141,0.8076612619,0.9952436145,0.8506495436,0.7583490037
cg00021762,0.747602724,0.4233800573,0.1582679939,0.5039519868,0.2587142177,0.2294365754

To enable uploading of large files via the genomic file uploader, update apache configurations to increase size and time limits. This can be done by editing the `php.ini` file which can be found by running the command `php --ini`.

Sample values:

```
session.gc_maxlifetime = 10800 
max_input_time = 10800 
max_execution_time = 10800 
upload_max_filesize = 1024M 
post_max_size = 1024M
```

Commit message:

[Genomic Browser] Reformat README to be in the same style as other module specs (#5827)
This reformats the information in the genomic_browser README to follow the same style
as the other modules specs. Information for required sections that was not present in the existing README or that couldn't be derived from the code is listed as "Unknown".

modules/genomic_browser/README.md, after:

# Genomic Module

## Purpose

The genomic browser module is intended to allow users to visualize the
results of already analyzed genetic tests cross-linked with behavioural
and imaging candidate data.

## Intended Users

Unknown

## Scope

Unknown

NOT in scope:

Unknown

## Permissions

### Module Permissions

- The `genomic_browser_view_allsites` or `genomic_browser_view_site` is required to access this module.

### Filesystem Permissions

The filesystem path for the `GenomicDataPath` (see: Configurations) must be readable and writeable by the web server for
uploading functionality to work.

## Configurations

- For the methylation tab to work, the `genomic_cpg_annotation` table should be filled with data from the Illumina HumanMethylation450k probe annotations file. This file can be found at ftp://webdata2:webdata2@ussd-ftp.illumina.com/downloads/ProductFiles/HumanMethylation450/HumanMethylation450_15017482_v1-2.csv. Use the script `modules/genomic_browser/tools/HumanMethylation450k_annotations_to_sql.py` to transfer the csv file from Illumina's FTP to a mysql transaction file. (The process of loading the SQL file can take 5 to 10 minutes)
- The `GenomicDataPath` configuration specifies where files are uploaded.
- Large files may require changing php configuration values. These configurations are the same as the media module. See [media module README](../media/README.md) for details.
