modules/imaging_qc/README.md, before:

## Imaging Quality Control Module

#### Purpose
The purpose of this module is to verify and help ensure imaging data has been uploaded into LORIS and reviwed for Quality Control (QC). It provides a queryable interface for users to assess the completeness of imaging data collections matched against a given protocol, and the status of QC review processes on them.

Note: this module is not the module in which visual/radiological QC is performed on scans, just the module in which QC assessments are *reviewed*. Links are included in this module so the user can jump to the Imaging Browser to mark QC assessments on images and visits.

#### Intended Users
This module is used by study administrators, imaging scientists, analysts, coordinators, and clinicians.

#### Scope
The Imaging QC module allows you to view specific data on uploaded image files, with many additional filtering options. The resulting table has a column for QC status, so you can see whether the upload has passed QC or not. The table provides a link to each file. You can download the table in `.csv` format. 

Note: To QC a scan, the user must click the link leading to the Imaging Browser, and enter the QC details in that module.

#### Permissions
The `quality_control` permission gives users access to this module and its features.

#### Interactions With LORIS

#### Configuration
The `tblScanTypes` setting allows customization of which modalities are displayed in this module.

#### Imaging Browser 
Links are provided to the Imaging Browser module, and the QC entered in that module (for the scan types specified in the Configuration module as noted above).

#### Imaging Uploader 
The name of the user who uploaded the scan via the Imaging Uploader module is displayed in this module.

Commit message:

fix and smoothing [skip ci]
fixed a old typo `reviwed`
smoothed the wording
re-checked

modules/imaging_qc/README.md, after:

## Imaging Quality Control Module

#### Purpose
The purpose of this module is to verify and help ensure imaging data has been uploaded into LORIS and reviewed for Quality Control (QC). It provides a queryable interface to check at a glance the completeness of imaging data collection for a study, and the status of QC review processes on them.  

Note: this module is not the module in which visual/radiological QC is performed on scans, just the module in which QC assessments are *reviewed*. Links are included in this module so the user can jump to the Imaging Browser to mark QC assessments on images and visits.

#### Intended Users
This module is used by study administrators, imaging scientists, analysts, coordinators, and clinicians.

#### Scope
The Imaging QC module allows you to view specific data on uploaded image files, with many additional filtering options. The resulting table has a column for QC status, so you can see whether the upload has passed QC or not. The table provides a link to each file. You can download the table in `.csv` format. 

Note: To QC a scan, the user must click the link leading to the Imaging Browser, and enter the QC details in that module.

#### Permissions
The `quality_control` permission gives users access to this module and its features.

#### Interactions With LORIS

#### Configuration
The `tblScanTypes` setting allows customization of which modalities are displayed in this module.

#### Imaging Browser 
Links are provided to the Imaging Browser module, and the QC entered in that module (for the scan types specified in the Configuration module as noted above).

#### Imaging Uploader 
The name of the user who uploaded the scan via the Imaging Uploader module is displayed in this module.
