modules/statistics/test/TestPlan.md, before:

#Statistics Test Plan

1. Check that you can only access the page if you have the data_entry permission.
2. Try clicking on all the tabs. Do they appear to be working?

### Demographic Statistics
3. For the general statistics table, compare the data in the table to that in the database to ensure that it is being queried correctly.
4. Check the general statistics filters. Try filtering by both site and project separately.
5. In the breakdown table, try filtering by each of the different instruments. Does each filter appear to be working?
6. For the gender breakdown, compare the data in the table to that in the database to ensure that it is being queried correctly.
7. For the gender breakdown, check to see if the % Male is being calculated properly.
8. For one of the data entry completeness breakdowns, compare the data in the table to that in the database to ensure that it is being queried correctly.
9. For one of the data entry completeness breakdowns, check to see if the % complete is being calculated properly.

### Behavioural Statistics
10. Try using the project filter Data Entry Statistics table. Does it change what appears in the table. Do the changes make sense in comparison to what's stored in the database?
11. For both tables, check that the % Completion makes sense in relation to the values in the table
12. For both tables, check that the data in the table matches what is stored in the database
13. Check that the "Please click here" links work in the Data Entry Statistics table
14. After following this link, check that the incomplete candidates are correct in comparison to the database.
15. Check that the candidate links take you to the appropriate data entry page for that candidate
16. Check that the "Click here for breakdown per participant" link below the Data Entry Statistics table works.
17. Verify that this link takes you to page with completion statistics for all sites
18. Check that the "Please click here" links work in the Double Data Entry Statistics table
19. After following this link, check that the candidates requiring double data entry are correct in comparison to the database.
20. Check that the candidate links take you to the appropriate data entry page for that candidate
21. Check that the "Click here for breakdown per participant for" link below the Double Data Entry Statistics table works.
22. Verify that this link takes you to page with double data entry statistics for all sites

### Reliability Statistics
23. Try using the reliability filter. Check that you can filter by site and by projects, separately.
24. For one of the reliability modules, check that each column makes sense in comparison to data in the database.
25. There should only be one reliability table on this page right?

### MRI Statistics
26. Try using the filter query. Filter by site and by project separately to ensure they are both working.
27. Look at the first table on this page (the first row is 'Complete' in MRI parameter form). Do the numbers in each cell match what is in the database. Should these columns have headers?
28. Looking at the MRI integrity statistics, do the numbers in the table make sense in comparison to what's stored in the database?
29. Try following the "Click Here for breakdown per participant" links. Do they take you to the appropriate page?
30. On the breakdown page you just loaded, are the incomplete candidates listed correct in comparison to the database?
31. Try clicking on one of the incomplete candidate links. Does it take you to the correct page in the imaging browser?
32. Returning to the main MRI statistics page, try using the scan breakdown filter. Filter by each type of scan. Does it work?
33. For one of the scan breakdowns, does the information in the table make sense in comparison to what is in the database? Does the % complete appear to be being calculated correctly.
34. Does the grand total row make sense with the data that is listed in the table?

Commit message:

Make stats test plan clearer.

modules/statistics/test/TestPlan.md, after:

#Statistics Test Plan

1. Check that you can only access the page if you have the data_entry permission.
2. Try clicking on all the tabs. Do they appear to be working?

### Demographic Statistics
3. Click on the Demographic Statistics tab. For the general statistics table, compare the data in the table to that in the database to ensure that it is being queried correctly.
4. Check the general statistics filters. Try filtering by both site and project separately.
5. In the breakdown table, try filtering by each of the different instruments. Does each filter appear to be working?
6. For the gender breakdown, compare the data in the table to that in the database to ensure that it is being queried correctly.
7. For the gender breakdown, check to see if the % Male is being calculated properly by looking at the data that's in the table.
8. For one of the data entry completeness breakdowns, compare the data in the table to that in the database to ensure that it is being queried correctly.
9. For one of the data entry completeness breakdowns, check to see if the % complete is being calculated properly by looking at the data that is in the table.

### Behavioural Statistics
10. Click on the Behavioural Statistics tab. Try using the project filter Data Entry Statistics table. Does it work? Does it change what appears in the table?
11. For both tables, check that the % Completion makes sense in relation to the values in the table.
12. For both tables, check that the data in the table matches what is stored in the database.
13. Check that the "Please click here" links work in the Data Entry Statistics table.
14. After following this link, check that the incomplete candidates are correct in comparison to the incomplete forms in the database.
15. In the incomplete forms table, check that the candidate links take you to the appropriate data entry page for that candidate.
16. Returning to the behavioural statistics page, check that the "Click here for breakdown per participant" link below the Data Entry Statistics table works.
17. Verify that this link takes you to page with completion statistics for all sites
18. Returning to the behaviouarl statistics page, check that the "Please click here" links work in the Double Data Entry Statistics table
19. After following this link, check that the candidates requiring double data entry are correct in comparison to the forms requiring double data entry in the database.
20. On the incomplete double data entry page, check that the candidate links take you to the appropriate data entry page for that candidate
21. Returning to the behavioral statistics tab, check that the "Click here for breakdown per participant for" link below the Double Data Entry Statistics table works.
22. Verify that this link takes you to page with double data entry statistics for all sites

### Reliability Statistics
23. Click on the Reliability Statistics tab. Try using the reliability filter. Check that you can filter by site and by projects, separately.
24. For one of the reliability modules, check that the data in each column makes sense in comparison to data in the database.
25. There should only be one reliability table on this page right?

### MRI Statistics
26. Click on the MRI statistics tab. Try using the filter query. Filter by site and by project separately to ensure they are both working.
27. Look at the first table on this page (the first row is 'Complete' in MRI parameter form). Do the numbers in each cell match what is in the database. Should these columns have headers?
28. Looking at the MRI integrity statistics, do the numbers in the table make sense in comparison to what's stored in the database?
29. Try following the "Click Here for breakdown per participant" links. Do they take you to the appropriate page?
30. On the breakdown page you just loaded, are the incomplete candidates listed correct in comparison to what's listed as incomplete in the database?
31. Try clicking on one of the incomplete candidate links. Does it take you to the correct page in the imaging browser?
32. Returning to the main MRI statistics page, try using the scan breakdown filter. Filter by each type of scan. Does it work?
33. For one of the scan breakdowns, does the information in the table make sense in comparison to what is in the database? Does the % complete appear to be being calculated correctly.
34. Does the grand total row make sense with the data that is listed in the table?
