modules/statistics/help/statistics.md, before:

# Statistics

The Statistics module calculates and displays summary numbers on data acquisition, data processing, and data entry for both behavioural and imaging data collections in LORIS. The module is comprised of 4 tabs: Demographic Statistics, Behavioral Statistics, Reliability Statistics, and Imaging Statistics. A brief description of these tabs can be found under the "General Description" tab.  On mobile devices or narrow browser windows, these tabs can be accessed by clicking the downward arrow (and hidden via the upward arrow).

## Mobile view

On mobile devices or narrow browser windows, scroll horizontally across each statistics table using the table slider or side arrows flanking the table. 

## Demographic Statistics

In the "General Demographic Statistics" table, users can view population breakdowns by site, project and subproject/cohort using the drop-down select filters and clicking on "Submit Query". This will display statistics about the study such as the number of registered candidates and whether they are active or inactive, a breakdown by sex, participant status, and average candidate age.

"Breakdown of Registered Candidates" is organized by sex per site, time-point, and subproject.
Breakdowns for a specific instrument can be viewed by selecting from the dropdown options under “Recruit Breakdown by Sex” and clicking “Submit Query”. Show/hide subtotals for each visit label via the “Show Visit Labels” checkbox.

## Behavioural Statistics

The table labeled "Data Entry Statistics", displays a count of Completed visits, (% Completed) and a count of Created visits for each site, per visit label.  Note that “Completed” refers to instruments that have been marked as “”Data Entry = Complete” and “Administration = All”.

For each site, follow the “Please Click Here” link in blue text to display “Per Instrument Stats”  Click on a Site name (i.e. AAA, BBB etc.) to hide data columns pertaining to that site.

The "Double Data Entry Statistics" table below displays similar breakdowns, but for Double Data entry form completion.

## Imaging Statistics

The “General Statistics with QC Status” section tabulates the number of scans that have been inserted for each scan modality (dti, fMRI, t1, t2), and their QC status. Users will see the total number of scans that have been inserted for each project, the number of scans for each QC status (Passed, Failed, Not QCed), as well as total numbers for each QC Status across projects.

Specify which scan modalities or types  should be included in the table via the checkboxes for each modality above the data table.  Users may also select the site they would like to view statistics for by selecting an option from the drop-down menu. Once a user has specified their options, they must press “Submit Query” in order to update the table.

The “Breakdown by Scan Type” table provides  a more detailed breakdown of statistics by scan type, based on the MRI Parameter Form data. . From the dropdown menu, users may select a scan type, and then toggle the checkbox to “Show Visit Labels” in the breakdown, and click “Submit Query”.  The Information in the table will be organized by site, subproject and visit. The columns indicate the number of candidates with scans marked as “Complete”, “Partial”, or those who did not have a scan (“No Scan”). Under the “Complete” column, the percentage value indicates the proportion  of candidates that have completed scans.

Commit message:

[statistics] Update module help text (#5650)
Update help text for statistics module.

modules/statistics/help/statistics.md, after:

# Statistics

This module calculates and displays summary numbers on data acquisition, data processing, and data entry for both behavioural and imaging data collections in LORIS. 

The module is comprised of 3 sections: Demographic Statistics, Behavioral Statistics, and Imaging Statistics. You can view a description of each under the **General Description** tab. 

## Demographic Statistics

In the **General Demographic Statistics** table, you can view population breakdowns by site or project. Use the drop-down filters to narrow your search and click on **Submit Query**.

## Behavioural Statistics

The **Data Entry Statistics** table displays a count of completed visits created visits for each site, per visit label. Note that *Completed* refers to instruments marked as *”Data Entry = Complete”* and *“Administration = All”*.

Click on **View Details** in any of the columns to view a complete list of statistics at that site. Then, click on any of the data strings in the table (links in blue text) to display specific stats for that site, visit, and instrument. 

The **Double Data Entry Statistics** table below displays similar breakdowns, but for Double Data entry form completion.

## Imaging Statistics

This tab displays two tables:

The *General Statistics with QC Status* first table displays the number of scans that have been inserted for each scan type, along with their QC status. You can customize the scan types that you want to view in the table using the checkboxes above the table. You can also view only specific sites or projects using the dropdown menus provided. Click **Submit Query** to apply any customizations to the data table.

The *Breakdown by Scan Type* table provides a more detailed breakdown of statistics by scan type, based on the MRI Parameter Form data. Select a scan type from the dropdown menu, check **Show Visit Labels** if desired, and click **Submit Query**.
