modules/instrument_builder/test/TestPlan.md, before:

Instrument builder Test Plan

1.  Create Instrument
    1.a Add Header
    1.b Add Label
    1.c Add Scored Field
      1.c.1 Validate that this requires both QuestionName and QuestionText
    1.d Add Textbox
      1.d.1 Validate that this requires both QuestionName and QuestionText
    1.e Add Textarea 
      1.e.1 Validate that this requires both QuestionName and QuestionText
    1.f Add Dropdown  
      1.f.1 Validate that this requires both QuestionName and QuestionText
    1.g Add Multiselect
      1.g.1 Validate that this requires both QuestionName and QuestionText
    1.h Add Date
      1.h.1 Validate that this requires both QuestionName and QuestionText
      1.h.2 Validate adding range (startyear-endyear)
    1.i Add Numeric
      1.i.1 Validate that this requires both QuestionName and QuestionText
      1.i.2 Validate adding range
    1.j Add Blank Line
    1.k Add Page break
2.  Edit DatabaseName and Question in the table directly and check if it sticks
3.  Preview Instrument
4.  Add Rules
5.  Save Rules file
6.  Validate Instrument (Does not save if there is a same QuestionName twice)
7.  Save Instrument file
8.  Validate that not_answered option is added in the linst file for 1.e, 1.f, 1.g, 1.h
9.  Re-load existing instrument
    9.a Add questions
    9.b Save instrument file and ensure new changes are reflected in the file
10. Install and test instrument and rules implemented
11. Test functionality on mutiple broswers.

Commit message:

add not available now lable for issue 5494

modules/instrument_builder/test/TestPlan.md, after:

Instrument builder Test Plan

1.  Create Instrument
    1.a Add Header
    1.b Add Label
    1.c Add Scored Field
      1.c.1 Validate that this requires both QuestionName and QuestionText
    1.d Add Textbox
      1.d.1 Validate that this requires both QuestionName and QuestionText
    1.e Add Textarea 
      1.e.1 Validate that this requires both QuestionName and QuestionText
    1.f Add Dropdown  
      1.f.1 Validate that this requires both QuestionName and QuestionText
    1.g Add Multiselect
      1.g.1 Validate that this requires both QuestionName and QuestionText
    1.h Add Date
      1.h.1 Validate that this requires both QuestionName and QuestionText
      1.h.2 Validate adding range (startyear-endyear)
    1.i Add Numeric
      1.i.1 Validate that this requires both QuestionName and QuestionText
      1.i.2 Validate adding range
    1.j Add Blank Line
    1.k Add Page break
2.  Edit DatabaseName and Question in the table directly and check if it sticks
3.  Preview Instrument
4.  Add Rules [not available now].
5.  Save Rules file [not available now].
6.  Validate Instrument (Does not save if there is a same QuestionName twice)
7.  Save Instrument file
8.  Validate that not_answered option is added in the linst file for 1.e, 1.f, 1.g, 1.h
9.  Re-load existing instrument
    9.a Add questions
    9.b Save instrument file and ensure new changes are reflected in the file
10. Install and test instrument and rules implemented
11. Test functionality on mutiple broswers.
