modules/behavioural_qc/help/behavioural_qc.md, before:

# Behavioural Quality Control

The Behavioural Quality Control module allows users to view outstanding behavioural feedback, data entry conflicts and incomplete forms for a given candidate and/or instrument.
Use the Selection Filter to enter search criteria, and click “Show Data” to update the results in the data table below.
To the right of the Selection Filter is a data completion meter panel expressed as a percentage for a selected instrument and/or visit label. By default, the meter displays the completion level of all instruments for V1 (or the customized first visit label of a study), but once the user selects criteria in the Selection Filter and clicks “Show Data”, the meter will be updated to reflect their specifications.

## The results table

Three tabs present different data views: Incomplete Forms, Data Conflicts, and Behavioural Feedback.

### Incomplete Forms

Users will see a list of forms that have not yet been marked as “Data Entry = Complete”, “Administration = All” associated with their search criteria. Clicking on the name of the instrument in blue text under the Instrument column will redirect users to the incomplete form.

### Data Conflicts

Under this tab, users will see any forms flagged for data conflicts in which initial data entry does not match double data entry. Clicking on the “DCCID” or “PSCID” in blue text will redirect users to the Access Profile module for that candidate, while clicking on the Instrument name in blue text will redirect users directly to this data conflict item in the Conflict Resolver module under the Unresolved Conflicts tab.

### Behavioural Feedback

Users will see a list of candidates with outstanding behavioural feedback, sorted by “DCCID”. The Feedback Level column refers to the degree to which the feedback pertains to (e.g. feedback on an entire visit vs. feedback for just a specific field within an instrument). Clicking on either the “DCCID” or text in blue under the Feedback Level column will redirect users to the appropriate page for which the feedback corresponds to. E.g. If a candidate has outstanding feedback for an entire visit (Feedback Level: Visit: 01), clicking on either the “DCCID” or “Feedback Level” for this instance will redirect users to the Timepoint Instrument List for that candidate-timepoint.

Commit message:

[Behavioural QC] updated module help text (#5659)
New help text for behavioural qc module.

modules/behavioural_qc/help/behavioural_qc.md, after:

# Behavioural Quality Control (QC)

This module allows you to view incomplete forms, data entry conflicts, and outstanding behavioural feedback for a given candidate and/or instrument.

Use the *Selection Filter* section to define your search. Results will appear in the data table below. The data completion meter to the right will also update to reflect your filters.

In the results table, you can view data within three tabs: Incomplete Forms, Data Conflicts, and Behavioural Feedback.

## Incomplete Forms

In this tab, you'll see a list of forms that have not yet been marked as both "Data Entry = Complete" and "Administration = All". Click on an instrument in the *Instrument* column to access the incomplete form. You can complete the form from there.

## Data Conflicts

In this tab, you'll see any forms flagged for data conflicts if your study uses double data entry. Click on an instrument in the *Instrument* column to access the data conflict in the **Conflict Resolver** module. You can fix the conflict from there. 

## Behavioural Feedback

In this tab, you'll see a list of candidates with outstanding behavioural feedback. Click on an instrument name in the *Feedback Level* column to access the appropriate page for which the feedback corresponds to. You can manage the feedback from there.
