modules/dicom_archive/README.md, before:

# Dicom Archive

## Purpose

The DICOM Archive module provides a front end to view the metadata
about DICOM studies and series that have been registered in the
LORIS database via the first step of the imaging pipeline (using
`dicomTar.pl`). Protocol checks and QC are performed later on and not
represented in this module.

## Intended Users

The DICOM Archive is primarily used by DCC staff who are investigating
the status of imaging pipeline scripts.

## Scope

The DICOM Archive shows DICOM tar metadata. It does not provide a
way to visualize scans or view metadata of other data formats. It
provides a frontend to the `tarchive_*` tables in LORIS, but does
not directly inspect files on the filesystem. However, DICOM 
files can be downloaded through the frontend and inspected on a 
user's system.


## Permissions

The permission `dicom_archive_view_allsites` is required to access
the DICOM Archive module.

## Configurations

#### Database Configurations

The `patientNameRegex`, `LegoPhantomRegex`, and `LivingPhantomRegex`
configuration variables provide regular expressions to ensure that
the DICOM has been properly anonymized. If at least one of these
isn't matched, the Patient Name is displayed as "INVALID - HIDDEN".
By default, when the regex is blank (such as in a default LORIS
install), all patient names are shown.

The `patientIDRegex` configuration has a similar purpose for the
Patient ID column.

The `showTransferStatus` configuration option is obsolete and should
not be used, but determines if a first "Transfer Status" column
appears in the menu table.

#### Install Configurations

For downloading large DICOM files, it may be necessary to increase the 
 value of the `memory_limit` configuration option within `php.ini`.
 

## Interactions with LORIS

The tarchive tables used by the DICOM archive must be populated by
the imaging `dicomTar.pl` script before there is any data in the module.

The menu for the DICOM Archive module links to the imaging browser
module, for scans which have been successfully inserted.

Commit message:

[Documentation] Document recent changes to Imaging Browser/DICOM Archive (#4189)
Document in the README for the imaging browser and dicom archive that PatientName is prepended to the Dicom tarball that is downloaded from the Dicom Archive and Imaging Browser modules, however the data is not stored this way on the Loris server.

modules/dicom_archive/README.md, after:

# Dicom Archive

## Purpose

The DICOM Archive module provides a front end to view the metadata
about DICOM studies and series that have been registered in the
LORIS database via the first step of the imaging pipeline (using
`dicomTar.pl`). Protocol checks and QC are performed later on and not
represented in this module.

## Intended Users

The DICOM Archive is primarily used by DCC staff who are investigating
the status of imaging pipeline scripts.

## Scope

The DICOM Archive shows DICOM tar metadata. It does not provide a
way to visualize scans or view metadata of other data formats. It
provides a frontend to the `tarchive_*` tables in LORIS, but does
not directly inspect files on the filesystem. However, DICOM 
files can be downloaded through the frontend and inspected on a 
user's system.


## Permissions

The permission `dicom_archive_view_allsites` is required to access
the DICOM Archive module.

## Configurations

#### Database Configurations

The `patientNameRegex`, `LegoPhantomRegex`, and `LivingPhantomRegex`
configuration variables provide regular expressions to ensure that
the DICOM has been properly anonymized. If at least one of these
isn't matched, the Patient Name is displayed as "INVALID - HIDDEN".
By default, when the regex is blank (such as in a default LORIS
install), all patient names are shown.

The `patientIDRegex` configuration has a similar purpose for the
Patient ID column.

The `showTransferStatus` configuration option is obsolete and should
not be used, but determines if a first "Transfer Status" column
appears in the menu table.

#### Install Configurations

For downloading large DICOM files, it may be necessary to increase the 
 value of the `memory_limit` configuration option within `php.ini`.
 

## Interactions with LORIS

The tarchive tables used by the DICOM archive must be populated by
the imaging `dicomTar.pl` script before there is any data in the module.

The menu for the DICOM Archive module links to the imaging browser
module, for scans which have been successfully inserted. Clicking on this link
will download a copy of the DICOM tar file. Note that the `PatientName` field is
prepended to the downloaded file though it is not stored this way on the server.
