modules/api/README.md, before:

# API

## Purpose

The api module is intended to provide a stable, versioned REST interface
for interacting with the core LORIS functionality without requiring backend
database access.

## Intended Users

The module has 2 intended use cases:
1. Interactions with LORIS data coming from outside the LORIS core
   software that extract or import data from LORIS.
2. Internal LORIS modules which retrieve data from the API.

## Scope

The API only provides information about concepts that are cross-module
or data that is of general concern to users. 

NOT in scope:

- Data and functionality that is specific to a single module, and not of general
  nature.
- A graphical frontend for interacting with the API.

## Permissions

The `api` module is a public module so that the `login` endpoint can be accessed,
but otherwise all requests require a token (retrieved from the `login` endpoint)
or the user accessing the API to be logged in to LORIS.

The following permissions affect accessing data from the API:
????

## Configurations

The following configuration settings affect the format of data returned from
the API:

useEDC - This configuration setting determines whether the EDC is returned
  or required for creating/retrieving candidates with the API.

## Interactions with LORIS

- A token retrieved from the login endpoint bypasses the normal cookie based
  authentication of LORIS when provided in as "Authorization" bearer token. See
  API documentation for details.

- ??? (describe other interactions here)

Commit message:

Add permissions and remove interactions questions

modules/api/README.md, after:

# API

## Purpose

The api module is intended to provide a stable, versioned REST interface
for interacting with the core LORIS functionality without requiring backend
database access.

## Intended Users

The module has 2 intended use cases:
1. Interactions with LORIS data coming from outside the LORIS core
   software that extract or import data from LORIS.
2. Internal LORIS modules which retrieve data from the API.

## Scope

The API only provides information about concepts that are cross-module
or data that is of general concern to users. 

NOT in scope:

- Data and functionality that is specific to a single module, and not of general
  nature.
- A graphical frontend for interacting with the API.

## Permissions

The `api` module is a public module so that the `login` endpoint can be accessed,
but otherwise all requests require a token (retrieved from the `login` endpoint)
or the user accessing the API to be logged in to LORIS.

The following permissions affect accessing data from the API:
- The `data_entry` permission is required to access the candidates portion of
  the API.

## Configurations

The following configuration settings affect the format of data returned from
the API:

useEDC - This configuration setting determines whether the EDC is returned
  or required for creating/retrieving candidates with the API.

## Interactions with LORIS

- A token retrieved from the login endpoint bypasses the normal cookie based
  authentication of LORIS when provided in as "Authorization" bearer token. See
  API documentation for details.
